docs: add note about opening in a specific browser (#3976)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/index.md

- **Type:** `boolean | string`

  Automatically open the app in the browser on server start. When the value is a string, it will be used as the URL's pathname. If you want to open the server in a specific browser you like, you can add it to `process.env.BROWSER` (for ex: firefox). For more info, have a look at [the open package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/open) and [openBrowser.ts](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/blob/11de3c226940a9eaf1ba998f037bfbd1e7aaf3ec/packages/vite/src/node/server/openBrowser.ts#L32)

> 

Reviewer: I'd think it's better to point to https://github.com/sindresorhus/open#app directly instead of the source (as it might subject to change)

>   Automatically open the app in the browser on server start. When the value is a string, it will be used as the URL's pathname. If you want to open the server in a specific browser you like, you can add it to `process.env.BROWSER` (for ex: firefox). For more info, have a look at [the open package](https://github.com/sindresorhus/open#app) and [openBrowser.ts](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/blob/11de3c226940a9eaf1ba998f037bfbd1e7aaf3ec/packages/vite/src/node/server/openBrowser.ts#L32)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Automatically open the app in the browser on server start. When the value is a string, it will be used as the URL's pathname. If you want to open the server in a specific browser you like, you can set the env `process.env.BROWSER` (e.g. `firefox`). See [the open package](https://github.com/sindresorhus/open#app) for more details.
```
